Improvment on how to build from source (#3217)
mamba-org/mamba: docs/source/installation/micromamba-installation.rst

To build from source, install the development dependencies, using a Conda compatible installer
(``conda``/``mamba``/``micromamba``/``rattler``/``pixi``).

> First create a virtual environment with necessary dependencies using  ``micromamba`` like follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First create an environment with the necessary dependencies using  ``micromamba``:
```

.. code-block:: bash

  micromamba create -n mamba --file dev/environment-micromamba-static.yml

> Then activate the created a virtual environment with necessary dependencies using  ``micromamba`` like follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then activate the created environment:
```

.. code:: bash

>     micromamba activate -n mamba

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    micromamba activate mamba
```

.. warning::

>    It is supposed to build mamba package from a freshly downloaded source code, building from source that has been previously built with a different cmake configuration will lead to inconsistent result for the current cmake configuration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Please use a freshly downloaded source code, to avoid mixing up configuration when building.
```

Use CMake from this environment to drive the build:

> First configure cmake as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First configure and generate the build system:
```

Author: I wonder if it would better call this step as "Set the cmake configuation" as Build configurations allow a project to be built in different ways for debug, optimized, or any other special set of flags. (ref. https://cmake.org/cmake/help/book/mastering-cmake/chapter/Getting%20Started.html)

Reviewer 2: IMHO it does more that setting so what about something in the line of "Generate the CMake build system for the given build configuration" ?

Author: ```suggestion
Generate the CMake build system for the given build configuration:
```

Author: ```suggestion
First generate the CMake build system for the given build configuration:
```

       -D BUILD_LIBMAMBA=ON \
       -D BUILD_STATIC=ON \
       -D BUILD_MICROMAMBA=ON

> Then invoke the compiling process on parallel with cmake as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then build:
```
